# Madroid


                                    Preventing Mobile Application Distribution from unauthorized user 
                   
                   
                   
                   
                 Madroid (Our developing project called Mobile Application Distribution Restrictor fOr Individual Devices) is a widget for android applications, which prevents app sharing when binded with the android application. The application is installed from the trusted source, (i.e. the organization) by recognizing IMEI and MAC address using our algorithm (recognition algorithm). The employee should login using his/her credentials to access the app and on the first time the user should register it using the OTP generated by the Server. After registration process, the employee will be asked to set one unique code, once the code is set the app gets hidden automatically. The employee should make use of this unique code and make a call to that number(unique code) from the dialer pad to open the application, which prevents unauthorized person from identifying the app(app location) and distributing the app as it is hidden. The whole app data is hidden and obfuscated even from the authenticated user (employee) to prevent app sharing. If the employee tries to access the app data or try to extract the apk(Application Package Kit) of application, the whole application gets wiped automatically.
                 
 TECHNOLOGY STACK:

•	Frontend-Java,XML.
•	Backend - Java,NodeJS,PHP.
•	Tools-Eclipse/Android Studio(android development),xampp/wamp(server database).
•	Database-MySql,SqLite(Android).





Usecase URL:

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZOV49S8mr__yGgOg5NBzpzBQQ76M2cZ34QpydkdzcIc/edit




Advantages:

•	Hidden Application Files and Data.
•	Protected of Internal Code.
•	Security  against Piracy.
•	Developer benefits.
•	Data will be wiped when someone tries to share.
•	Obfuscation of code.
•	File Integrity.
